Create ui-c8y-1023-48-1-adding-markdown-formating-to-alarm-details-view-10780-graft-release-cd.md (#4335)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-48-1-adding-markdown-formating-to-alarm-details-view-10780-graft-release-cd.md

---
date: ""
title: Markdown formatting support in alarm details view
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65437
version: 1023.48.1
---

> Alarm details in the Cumulocity IoT web application now support markdown formatting, allowing you to use markdown syntax (such as bold, italic, links, and lists) in the alarm descriptions shown in the details view. Previously, alarm text was displayed as plain text without any formatting options. With this improvement, you can now create more readable and structured alarm information that better communicates important details to your users. This enhancement applies to all existing and new alarms in your Cumulocity IoT tenant, making alarm information more visually organized and easier to understand at a glance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alarm details in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} application now support Markdown formatting, allowing you to use Markdown syntax (such as bold, italic, links, and lists) in the alarm descriptions shown in the alarm details. Previously, alarm text was displayed as plain text without any formatting options. With this improvement, you can now create more readable and structured alarm information that better communicates important details to your users. This enhancement applies to all existing and new alarms in your {{< product-c8y-iot >}} tenant, making alarm information more visually organized and easier to understand at a glance.
```
